Okay, we're now being recorded um, thank you so much all for coming. Sorry that I can't be there at the, but I also see that. I don't see a lot of MTI backgrounds. Um, so I'm not the only 1.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Uh, we have a couple of things to go through, um.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
So fast, we last time we talked about this modeling conference, and I was thinking that, maybe at 1 of the meetings where Oman is present, uh, we should all sit together and talk about the upcoming conferences for the next year and maybe make a plan together.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I mean, we have this repository with all the conferences that we were interested. I think.
5 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
End of last year, and, uh, we should update that before, but I think then we should be good to go to discuss, uh, who wants to go where, and we should do that before December so that we can make a budget, um, for that as well. Um.
6 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I heard that Anna Lumen is, uh, was sick for a couple of weeks. That is why we didn't make any progress on taxonomy. Um, but I have a meeting with her next Monday. And if you want something that I discussed before, or if you even want to join.
7 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, it's Monday at 3. um.
8 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, write me an email.
9 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I'll speak now it's shot, um.
10 "Valentin Kriegmair" (2132423168)
Do you need the online, I guess yes. Yes. Um, yeah, so maybe I can just join in and listen or yeah.
11 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, that would be good. Um, can you still write me an email so that I don't forget to invite you. Okay. Um, then I wanted to ask maximian is everything all right with your poster? I, I guess it is.
12 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Yes, it's now officially entrance.
13 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
To here, but, um, you have to drive to the Institute yesterday. They couldn't do it without me.
14 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, I mean, everyone needs to, um.
15 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Quite sensible of them uh, I invited the equity representative, Maria. I'm on a team meeting to present on equity. Um, but she has, like, a week ago. Um, but she hasn't responded and maybe it's just the wrong email.
16 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Oh, no, 1 looks at the equity at email ever. So maybe I follow up on that. Um.
17 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I discussed with Mike that we want to do a Julia workshop at the Institute, because it went so smoothly in Munich. I thought that would be like a nice thing to do and not to, um.
18 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Strenuous fast, um, she's she suggested 2 dates based on, uh, our photo.
19 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
That's apparently I haven't pasted in the email into the agenda. So where do I find that? I don't think I find that uh.
20 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
What someone's you see on that email.
21 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Nope, right. Mm. Hmm. Okay. I, I have to look that up in a minute. Um, maybe you yeah.
22 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I looked that up and then we can decide if we can do it on 1 of the 2 days. Um, I think.
23 "Hannes" (1269292032)
If you want to know yes, the date the date yeah each 210th, 11th and 14+17 uh, November both. Okay.
24 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, and repeat, uh, so, November, right? So we have to.
25 "Hannes" (1269292032)
8 to 10th of November is the 1st period and 14+the 17th of November is the 2nd date. She code.
26 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, so we have basically 4 different dates.
27 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Are there any preferences mark? Apparently not um.
28 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I would say there are a little better. Okay.
29 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, then, uh, move, it will not join because they just come to psych Academy at the same time. But there is also maybe a plus because we could.
30 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I don't know what the plan for the contract is there already a program.
31 "Moritz" (3183618560)
I don't know Fox, but otherwise I have no idea. Okay.
32 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Because then we can also write, look an email and tell her that.
33 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
We are offering the workshop anyway, and if some other companies, like people want to join, because they are involved in any way they can.
34 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Mm, hmm. Okay. Um, so it's decided that we do.
35 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I don't know whatever was in the 1st, week of November, like 8 or 10 or something.
36 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, good. So what's the next agenda point? Um, then in Munich, we, uh.
37 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
hannah's hannah's, Nicholas. Sorry Nicholas and movers and I discussed a lot about getting things done, uh, which is this kind of framework that I've been using for years, uh, on and off and.
38 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I have been reading the book because I dropped the ball at some point. So, for example, I forgot at some point, I'm very sorry about that. Um, and I was wondering, is there any interest, uh, that we spend probably 2 hours like, on a quick start on this.
39 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Our methodology of like, organizing to do lists and calendars and life. Is there some interest? Maybe.
40 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I don't see everyone, so you can just use the reaction thing. I.
41 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I think if I may, I think that's a great idea. Also. It could be possible to invite someone as external speaker.
42 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, that's always also an option. I mean, it's great if you do it.
43 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
But if you talk to some, I don't know, there's probably central funding. If you, if you ask YMCA, for example, if you attach just to 1 of the graduate schools. Um, yeah. Maybe yeah.
44 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Maybe additional input yeah, maybe I ask as well, especially because, uh, the company behind getting things done or David Allan, which is basically a company in itself. Um, they.
45 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Will release the getting things done for teams next year, uh, beginning next year. Maybe then we can do like a formal then we can invite someone, uh, for, like, how to actually implement it as a team. But this is like, concentrated on personal organization. Um, also Leoni.
46 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, yeah. Okay. Then I know that there is some interest I write an email to and, uh, think about like, how extensive it has to be, but I think like, in in 2 hours, we can get through most of the materials and get you started. Um.
47 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I want you to ask Nicholas, uh, have you officially reached guest status?
48 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I was there on the phone. It's terrible. No, Nicholas. It's not there, right? No. Okay. Um.
49 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then next thing is the which is pertaining hannah's and Maximilian.
50 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
So, you are good to go and you know what you want to do.
51 "Hannes" (1269292032)
And you have a date, right? Yeah. 13rd of December is okay.
52 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, if you want, you can also, uh, like, do a test run after 1 of the team meetings.
53 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, but probably would be a good idea to schedule it early because.
54 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, the team meetings already, um.
55 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Like, they are conflicting with some other events, but if you want to.
56 "Hannes" (1269292032)
I would love to there is no presentation right now there will be 1 and then I would schedule it.
57 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, um, and my community, you mentioned that you are not.
58 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Quite interested in giving a colloquium talk um, yeah.
59 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, my point was, I am doing a lab and I already have, I will already present at the.
60 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Meeting I will do to Julia workshop I will present in the colloquium here with class because I have to do this as part of my reputation.
61 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
And I wanted to present in the colloquium of maybe.
62 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Because I want to get some feedback on how to simulate language on the data.
63 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
And I'm not too eager.
64 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
To have a 5th presentation October yeah.
65 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, I, I, and I also don't have too much to present at the moment.
66 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
That's yeah, not too much where I would like to have feedback from the colloquium because I, at the moment, I need methodological feedback. Mandy.
67 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, yeah, I.
68 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
You can, of course, do a presentation on, like, your whole vision. I think that is also what this.
69 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Date is supposed to be like your 33 year vision of, like, what you want to tackle, um, basically an extended version of what you presented to Oman, um, and clouds but I agree that 5 talks within a month. This may be a little bit too much. Um.
70 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
On the other hand, um, the places are counted.
71 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
And you were like, on on the list that woman, um.
72 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, decided should present so, I don't know Andrea. What is your opinion?
73 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, if you're on the list by man, that's, uh.